src/content/posts/the-sound-of-silence.mdx, before:

---
title: "The Sound of Silence"
description: "That place was far removed from the noise of the cities, even though the nearest city was just twenty minutes away."
date: "2025-10-29"
draft: false
author: "Satyam Singh"
slug: "the-sound-of-silence"
tags: ["Silence"]
---

That place was far removed from the noise of the cities, even though the nearest city was just twenty minutes away. Everything moved lazily there. A gentle breeze ran playfully through the open sky, and the trees, delighted, swayed to its rhythm. The people too seemed to move with that same unhurried grace. They didn’t have much money, but it didn’t seem to matter. They had lived this way for many, many generations. The movement of time was almost imperceptible there.

That night it rained very heavily. The sky cracked open with thunder, and lightning flared wildly, illuminating the rain-soaked earth. It was as if the heavens had opened, wanting to cleanse the earth of all the dirt that had accumulated. Not a single person dared to step out. Most people sat indoors, perhaps watching the television, unaware of the grand performance unfolding outside. There, it rained often enough that people had stopped noticing it — The marvel had become ordinary.

Waves of rainwater flowed down the roads and the drains. The rugged roads shimmered as the sheets of rainwater flowed over them, scattering reflections from the streetlights like a thousand tiny mirrors. The streets came alive, shining brilliantly like a glittering saree. It was an absolutely magnificent, most amazing sight. Even though the skies roared and the rain continued to pour with fierce intensity, there was absolute silence.

Commit message:

Add cover photo for post 3

src/content/posts/the-sound-of-silence.mdx, after:

---
title: "The Sound of Silence"
description: "That place was far removed from the noise of the cities, even though the nearest city was just twenty minutes away."
date: "2025-10-29"
draft: false
author: "Satyam Singh"
slug: "the-sound-of-silence"
coverImage: "/covers/The-Sound-of-Silence.jpg"
coverAlt: "Cover image for The Sound of Silence"
tags: ["Silence"]
---

That place was far removed from the noise of the cities, even though the nearest city was just twenty minutes away. Everything moved lazily there. A gentle breeze ran playfully through the open sky, and the trees, delighted, swayed to its rhythm. The people too seemed to move with that same unhurried grace. They didn’t have much money, but it didn’t seem to matter. They had lived this way for many, many generations. The movement of time was almost imperceptible there.

That night it rained very heavily. The sky cracked open with thunder, and lightning flared wildly, illuminating the rain-soaked earth. It was as if the heavens had opened, wanting to cleanse the earth of all the dirt that had accumulated. Not a single person dared to step out. Most people sat indoors, perhaps watching the television, unaware of the grand performance unfolding outside. There, it rained often enough that people had stopped noticing it — The marvel had become ordinary.

Waves of rainwater flowed down the roads and the drains. The rugged roads shimmered as the sheets of rainwater flowed over them, scattering reflections from the streetlights like a thousand tiny mirrors. The streets came alive, shining brilliantly like a glittering saree. It was an absolutely magnificent, most amazing sight. Even though the skies roared and the rain continued to pour with fierce intensity, there was absolute silence.
